I think an easier is innocent because
like if he was guilty he would already
be in trouble you see that you see you
see that you see what he's assuming
there he's assuming he wants to believe
that a mission is innocent because in
any seein it were not innocent in a role
of rational people he would already be
arrested he would already be in jail
really well the accusations made against
him are incredible and he's obviously
innocent because the accusations that
are made against some early really big
felonies if they were true or even
halfway credible he would already be in
jail the false step he's taking here is
that he wants it to make sense a lot of
things in life kid
[Music]
everyone likes a good fella see I'm
gonna coin one right now I am gonna
start speaking in terms of the rational
actor fallacy this is when you talk
about politics or you talk about your
personal life
or you talk about a legal case before
the court with the unreasonable
assumption that all human beings are
rational actors so my girlfriend's been
catching up with me in the history and
politics of China have you yet had the
conversation with someone where you say
to them as politely as possible you know
the guy who's on the Chinese hundred
dollar bill he murdered more than 30
million people and they say back to you
no no that's impossible because if that
were true his face wouldn't be on the
$100 bill he wouldn't be sober there is
no way rational human beings would just
cover over the deaths of more than 30
million people and just get on with
their lives and still celebrate the
person who's responsible for mass murder
mass starvation mass atrocities as if
it's no problem that would never happen
because human being
makes sense it's coming
you haven't had this yet okay my
girlfriend hasn't had this experience
yet sooner or later it's coming there
are so many things in the history of the
world and look I mean again you know
what I still feel blessed in this
respect I spoke to people in Southeast
Asia who really did not know that white
people were not the indigenous
population of Canada the United States
and Australia where I was the first
person to explain to them you know white
people on all those continents they came
from Europe and there were other people
living there before and and sometime not
all the time but sometimes I got the
response that's crazy
that's impossible like if that were true
no one would put up with it I won't get
into the stores but I also have similar
parallel stories or I was talking to
people there okay really briefly once
someone there said to me that they felt
the government of Laos this allows the
country next door to Vietnam and
Cambodia that it was lying to them
because when they told the history of
the war between the United States and
Vietnam they only talked about the
Americans dropping bombs on Laos Vietnam
and they never talked about the
airplanes their way from Vietnam to the
United States and drop bombs the United
States and I said I happen to have the
number of airplanes that did that
memorized would you like to guess how
many airplanes flew from Vietnam the
United States and because I have it I
haven't know the number is zero it was a
completely asymmetrical war the
Americans bombed Vietnam Vietnam never
sent airplanes the United States had
never it never happened there was zero
and the person said to me that's crazy
that's impossible like like if what
you're saying is true then the whole war
doesn't make any sense guess what the
Vietnam War doesn't make any sense we
have so many examples as we had a great
conversation of the day about American
drug policy you know it doesn't
make sense that the CIA would be
involved in drug dealing it doesn't make
that yeah well it happened okay
history of Napoleon in Europe long list
of things Napoleon did though maybe said
I'm calling this the rational actor
fallacy whether it is in politics or in
your personal life here you go kid hit
it I think an easier this innocent
because like if he was guilty he would
already be in trouble right you see that
you see you see that you see what he's
assuming there he's assuming he wants to
believe that a mission is innocent
because if any Sheehan were not innocent
in a world of rational people he would
already be arrested he would already be
in jail but this was drama surrounding
his channel and it it makes like it
doesn't really make much sense to me
although I understand everybody it's the
false step he's taking here is that he
wants it to make sense a lot of things
in life kid dude makes sense I
understand the mob that was attacking me
and I understand the mob that's
attacking in easy on what is really
damaging so you look at guys like an
easy on and he's handling it really well
the accusations made against him are
incredible that he's obviously innocent
because a q-tip accusations that are
made against some are like really big
felonies if if they were true or even
halfway credible he would already be in
jail so it's just obvious he didn't do
it so but he's he's handling it really
well he's been able to turn a profit out
of this he's been able to kind of like
trim the fat on his fan base and get a
little now all the only people that are
watching him now at this point or the
people who love him and this III admire
what he's doing because the this is one
of the biggest fears I have I think
anybody I think this is the reason why
there's not more creators on YouTube is
because they're scared everybody knows
them
exists and when when you stop on the
wrong persons toes the mob will attack
you but he's handling it like he's so
well I really admire him I'm watching
him very closely right now to see how
enough it's through this because it's
giving me confident it is mind-blowing
to me that anyone thinks initia and
handled this well it's mind-blowing to
me that anyone thinks the Nicene is
innocent but the fact that I find this
mind-blowing is irrelevant I wanted to
draw attention to this rational actor
fallacy like the assumption the world
makes sense and what people do make
sense therefore if you've done anything
wrong you'd already be in jail no on the
contrary like when studying history
you're studying the accretion of the
accumulation of completely irrational
self contradictory facts they're mere
they're not rational they're merely
factual that's merely what happened like
how is it possible that Adolf Hitler and
Joseph Stalin fought on the same side in
World War two and then turned around and
five minutes later fought on opposite
sides and it's even more complicated
when you include Japan because Japan and
a treaty with Russia and then all of a
sudden they were fighting against Russia
and nobody knew what was going on it
makes no sense and if you're reading
that history step-by-step you look yet
and say this is crazy what do you guys
do it and millions of people are gonna
die and they're dying fighting one side
and they're turning around and fighting
the other side one can't even say this
is the tragedy of history it's the
arbitrariness of history but you know
that's talking on a grand scale about
millions of people on this most intimate
scale you know life gets even more
arbitrary and yeah and even end up
married to this particular woman who
later decided to identify as a man I
mean can we admit to ourselves just how
arbitrary and almost random it is that
like drawing a name out of a hat he drew
her comment off of Twitter
Suren married her there's this crazy
cascading sequence of almost random
seemingly arbitrary events and I'm not
removing his responsibility in any way
whatsoever but you know at any stage you
can stop and look at the decisions these
people are making and say this is
irrational this is crazy this is
impossible
why did Ana sein have to sleep with his
own babysitter all right anyone could
have given them better advice anyone
could have made a better decision but
you're just looking back at these
contradictory irrational facts as they
accumulate and as soon as you take that
step
that seems judicious and seems detached
to take a step back and say wait guys
this doesn't make any sense you're
actually taking a step from sense into
nonsense
you're taking a step from fact into
fiction in movies all of the fictional
characters do things that make sense and
in real life real people are doing
nonsensical and contradictory things all
the time
[Music]